Extract Indicators From File - Generic v2 - fixed error with XLSB (#36010)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonPlaybooks/ReleaseNotes/2_6_39.md

#### Playbooks

##### Extract Indicators From File - Generic v2

> - Fixed an issue where the file conversion tasks attempted to convert password-protected XLSB files which would result in an error. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the file conversion tasks attempted to convert password-protected XLSB files which resulted in an error. 
```
